lsm: Mention both `upgrade-grub2` and `grub-mkconfig` commands (#80)
aya-rs/book: docs/book/programs/lsm.md

GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX="lsm=[YOUR CURRENTLY ENABLED LSMs],bpf"
```

> Then rebuilding the grub configuration with:\
> Use any of the commands listed below depending on your system to rebuild the grub.

Reviewer: This doesn't look correct. Please merge these sentences into one sentence, which fits into the rest of the doc, for example:

```suggestion
Then rebuilding the grub configuration with any of the commands listed below (each of them might be available or not in different Linux distributions):
```

Author: @vadorovsky Thank You for your suggestions. I updated the doc.

Then rebuilding the grub configuration with:

```console

> sudo update-grub2

Reviewer: I don't see this command on openSUSE and Arch. I think we should mention both commands and ask people to double check which one is available for them.

Author: Thanks for reviewing and As per your suggestion. I have modified the document.
